---
title: "No matter where you are I’ll find you I’ll search until my eyes are tired and my legs can’t carry…"
description: "But for me there’s only one of you"
date: "2019-06-11T15:27:34.077Z"
categories: []
published: false
---

No matter where you are I’ll find you I’ll search until my eyes are tired and my legs can’t carry be any longer. If you’re in the next galaxy i’ll catch the next asteroid and travel a million miles to see you again, just to stay with you one more night, just to stay one more stay, like a lizard on a rock I don’t want to move, I don’t want to leave, I’ll procrastinate till I die and I’ll stay here till I die if I know you’ll come back, if you’ll stay with me just one more night, stay on this pillow with me, watch the snow come down outside, sleep in till the sun’s high its a place of longing and when we die i don’t know what I’ll do, I won’t want to leave your side, you’ll be with me as long as I can make it, as long as you can shake it won’t you be with me baby. Drive the car fast, down the street, or walk real slow on our feet, doesn’t matter where we go, Just want to stay with you. Sit outside at night, chlorophyll fragrance from the lawn, the grass, warm air like a cushion of air, follows us up the stairs, and I’ll kiss you again tomorrow if you’ll just stay with me, don’t leave. There’s a billion people in the solar system some are better than others but for me there’s only one of you, You’re perfect for me, it doesn’t get any better than you, I’d look everywhere, laser seeking calm, laser beam heart, focused ache, focused desire to be with you, i’ll look for you the world over, and the world can wait until I find you again, Just to see you one more night, I’ll ask for one more day just to stay with you, one more night before the wrath, Even when you’re mad, I can’t stand without you, if you’re sad, I can’t stop loving you, If you take a walk I can’t stand if you’re without me, If you’re gone, I’m gone too. While we’re home lets have some wine, get naked and have some fun. If you’re drunk I’ll take care of you, I’ll lay you down, and I’ll carry you home. When we’re old I’ll take it down, I’ll hold on just one more day, when we’re gone I won’t know what to do without you, when we’re gone I’ll catch the next asteroid to travel to the galaxy where you are, through the darkened sky, past the stars, past the lights in the sky, another nebula until I can see you one last day. 

But for me there’s only one of you
